hey guys it's Jenny and today we're
going to be working on the ninth
commandment in our pancakes which is not
to lie but I just want to take this in a
different direction right now because I
feel like a lot of times we believe lies
about ourselves that either other people
have fed into us or that we've fed into
ourselves because we're comparing
ourselves to other people and the fact
in life is that you will always feel
like always that someone's better
looking than you more gifted smarter I
mean you could just fill in this blank
you'll always feel that way and if you
feel if you like focus on that and keep
comparing yourself you'll feel less of
yourself and it'll tell you lies to
yourself on the fact that you aren't
special and I just want to tell you
today that God made you he loves you he
sent his son to die for our sins he just
he loves us so much and he's created us
uniquely you know special and I just
want to tell you that today that your
love that you're wanted by God and that
you're special I hope you believe that
today so if you guys have any prayer
requests or any questions please email
me I will leave my email address below
this video so let's get rolling guys
okay we are going to need four colors
today we need light brown dark brown
white and red so we need four colors and
the Browns have a little bit of yellow
food coloring in them we're actually
this this light brown hair has quite a
bit so you can tell from the photo in
the beginning that the pancake photo
that we are going to be making
sandcastles today and these are going to
be pretty small and if you're wondering
what that sand was in the photo it was
not sand it was crushed graham crackers
so don't freak out that's it wasn't
anything like sand it was edible but as
you can see really this
Castle is made of basic shapes you know
we have triangles and rectangle and
square and dots it's really pretty
simple and for me I would prefer to do
something that's easy to make but has a
high impact when you put it all together
it really looks good you know but it was
simple to begin with and for me at
that's something that I really like to
to do so let's go ahead and talk about
you know why we're making sand castles
today you know earlier we talked about
believing lies you know about ourselves
because you know the world's told us
lies or we compare ourselves and we have
told ourselves lies you know and so we
talked about how to deal with that but
let's now get into the actual
commandment which is for us ourselves
not to tell any lies to other people and
I want the sand castle to represent the
good relationships that we have with
people you know that we have their
family with friends just people in
general so that's what the sand castle
represents is the good relationships and
you know when we tell lies those good
relationships can become damaged just
like ocean waves can damage a sandcastle
lions can do the same thing and you know
when you lie people might not trust you
anymore you know if if you lie
especially if you like a lot but you
know even if they never found out you
know God knows God knows if if we're
lying and you know lies can also
possibly change the path of your life
you know so they can be pretty damaging
in many different ways so we really need
to be truthful and and really keep our
sand castles in good shape with so you
know thank you guys so much for watching
and right now we're just putting these
all together and they'll be ready to go
so thanks so much guys
you